BUILD_NOTES.md, before:

<!-- #region INTRO -->

<div id='top' align='center'>

![build notes graphic](./assets/build-notes.png)

</div>

<div align='right'>

[discover](#discover) | [define](#define) | [market](#market) | [deliver](#deliver) | [evaluate](#evaluate)

</div>

<div align='right'>

  <a href='https://github.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-gh.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='mailto:ephraim@modevx.com' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-at.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://twitter.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-tw.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://instagram.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-ig.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://linkedin.com/in/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-li.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>

</div>

<!-- #endregion /INTRO -->

I'm constantly working on my build process. ( not just for software projects ) Right now, it looks something like this:

1. **_discover_**: figure out what/why to build
1. **_define_**: define 'done'. define deadlines...for EVERY piece of the project
1. **_market_**: people can't use it if they don't know about it. comes before 'deliver' on purpose
1. **_deliver_**: build v1 AFAFP ( give it a second ) to get the feedback loop started **_FAST_**!
1. **_evaluate_**: keep going or kill it ( quietly of course ;)

`BUILD_NOTES.md` reflects this process. Each section contains notes, cool finds, landmines, questions, & resources specific to that phase.

I'm basically giving you a frontrow seat to how my brain works. Hope you have a sense of humor.

<!-- #region DISCOVER -->

<div id='discover' align='center'>

![build notes graphic](./assets/bn-discover.png)

</div>

<div align='right'>

[discover](#discover) | [define](#define) | [market](#market) | [deliver](#deliver) | [evaluate](#evaluate)

</div>

<div align='right'>

  <a href='https://github.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-gh.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='mailto:ephraim@modevx.com' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-at.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://twitter.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-tw.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://instagram.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-ig.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://linkedin.com/in/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-li.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>

</div>

<!-- #endregion /DISCOVER -->

# DISCOVER

<!-- #region DEFINE -->

<div id='define' align='center'>

![build notes graphic](./assets/bn-define.png)

</div>

<div align='right'>

[discover](#discover) | [define](#define) | [market](#market) | [deliver](#deliver) | [evaluate](#evaluate)

</div>

<div align='right'>

  <a href='https://github.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-gh.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='mailto:ephraim@modevx.com' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-at.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://twitter.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-tw.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://instagram.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-ig.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://linkedin.com/in/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-li.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>

</div>

<!-- #endregion /DEFINE -->

# DEFINE

<!-- #region MARKET -->

<div id='market' align='center'>

![build notes graphic](./assets/bn-market.png)

</div>

<div align='right'>

[discover](#discover) | [define](#define) | [market](#market) | [deliver](#deliver) | [evaluate](#evaluate)

</div>

<div align='right'>

  <a href='https://github.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-gh.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='mailto:ephraim@modevx.com' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-at.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://twitter.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-tw.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://instagram.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-ig.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://linkedin.com/in/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-li.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>

</div>

<!-- #endregion /MARKET -->

# MARKET

<!-- #region DELIVER -->

<div id='deliver' align='center'>

![build notes graphic](./assets/bn-deliver.png)

</div>

<div align='right'>

[discover](#discover) | [define](#define) | [market](#market) | [deliver](#deliver) | [evaluate](#evaluate)

</div>

<div align='right'>

  <a href='https://github.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-gh.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='mailto:ephraim@modevx.com' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-at.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://twitter.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-tw.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://instagram.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-ig.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://linkedin.com/in/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-li.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>

</div>

<!-- #endregion /DELIVER -->

# DELIVER

## **UI**

- [Tailwind Ui Components](https://tailwindui.com/#product-application-ui)
- [headless UI](https://headlessui.dev/) | unstyled UI components for TailwindCSS
  - **_[Design Tips Twitter thread](https://twitter.com/i/events/994601867987619840)_**
- [RefactoringUI](https://www.refactoringui.com/) | Tailwind boys' design tips
- [primereact](https://www.primefaces.org/primereact/setup/)
  - [internationalization/localization](https://www.primefaces.org/primereact/locale) (i18n localization)
  - [theming](https://www.primefaces.org/primereact/theming/)
  - [blocks](https://www.primefaces.org/primeblocks-react/#/documentation)
  - [`primeflex`](https://www.primefaces.org/primeflex/) | utility css classes
  - [`primeicons`]()
  - [_Sakai_](https://www.primefaces.org/sakai-react/#/) | free dashboard template
  - []()
- [`purgecss`](https://purgecss.com/) | \*86 unused CSS classes
  - []()
  - []()

## **DATA FETCHING**

- [`axios`](https://github.com/axios/axios#table-of-contents) | "Promise based HTTP client for the browser and node.js"
- []()
- []()
- []()
- []()

## **STATE MANAGEMENT**

- []()
- []()
- []()
- []()

<!-- #region DATA -->

<h2 id="data">
  <img src="./assets/section-banner__data.png" alt="tornado action github repo data section"/>
</h2>

### _**Severe Weather Data Inventory**_

NCEI web service that provides dynamic NEXRAD access to destructive/severe storm events like tornadoes, hail, storm structures, and lightning strikes

- API [docs](https://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/swdiws/)
- NCEI API services [suite](https://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/data-access)
- NCEI [Severe Weather](https://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/data-access/severe-weather) Data Access

### **_National Weather Service API_**

National Weather Service API Web Service

- API Web Service [docs](https://www.weather.gov/documentation/services-web-api#/default/get_alerts)
- Alerts Web Service [docs](https://www.weather.gov/documentation/services-web-alerts)

### **_Google Maps heatmap layer_**

<!-- #endregion /DATA -->

<!-- #region LESSONS LEARNED -->

<h2 id="lessons-learned">
  <img src="./assets/section-banner__lessons-learned.png" alt="tornado action github repo lessons-learned section"/>
</h2>

<details>
<summary><strong>SWDI data retrieval</strong></summary>

> _the SWDI API limits request date ranges to 31 days to I had to set up concurrent calls to fetch YTD tornado signatures_

- MDN | [Promises](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise)
- making concurrent requests with [axios](https://github.com/axios/axios#axios-api)
  - _content referenced is right above 'axios API' title_

</details>

<!-- #endregion /LESSONS LEARNED -->

<!-- #region EVALUATE -->

<div id='evaluate' align='center'>

![build notes graphic](./assets/bn-evaluate.png)

</div>

<div align='right'>

[discover](#discover) | [define](#define) | [market](#market) | [deliver](#deliver) | [evaluate](#evaluate)

</div>

<div align='right'>

  <a href='https://github.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-gh.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='mailto:ephraim@modevx.com' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-at.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://twitter.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-tw.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://instagram.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-ig.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://linkedin.com/in/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-li.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>

</div>

<!-- #endregion /EVALUATE -->

# EVALUATE

Commit message:

fix dynamic AlertItem bg gradient class names

BUILD_NOTES.md, after:

<!-- #region INTRO -->

<div id='top' align='center'>

![build notes graphic](./assets/build-notes.png)

</div>

<div align='right'>

[discover](#discover) | [define](#define) | [market](#market) | [deliver](#deliver) | [evaluate](#evaluate)

</div>

<div align='right'>

  <a href='https://github.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-gh.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='mailto:ephraim@modevx.com' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-at.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://twitter.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-tw.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://instagram.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-ig.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://linkedin.com/in/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-li.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>

</div>

<!-- #endregion /INTRO -->

I'm constantly working on my build process. ( not just for software projects ) Right now, it looks something like this:

1. **_discover_**: figure out what/why to build
1. **_define_**: define 'done'. define deadlines...for EVERY piece of the project
1. **_market_**: people can't use it if they don't know about it. comes before 'deliver' on purpose
1. **_deliver_**: build v1 AFAFP ( give it a second ) to get the feedback loop started **_FAST_**!
1. **_evaluate_**: keep going or kill it ( quietly of course ;)

`BUILD_NOTES.md` reflects this process. Each section contains notes, cool finds, landmines, questions, & resources specific to that phase.

I'm basically giving you a frontrow seat to how my brain works. Hope you have a sense of humor.

<!-- #region DISCOVER -->

<div id='discover' align='center'>

![build notes graphic](./assets/bn-discover.png)

</div>

<div align='right'>

[discover](#discover) | [define](#define) | [market](#market) | [deliver](#deliver) | [evaluate](#evaluate)

</div>

<div align='right'>

  <a href='https://github.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-gh.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='mailto:ephraim@modevx.com' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-at.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://twitter.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-tw.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://instagram.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-ig.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://linkedin.com/in/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-li.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>

</div>

<!-- #endregion /DISCOVER -->

# DISCOVER

<!-- #region DEFINE -->

<div id='define' align='center'>

![build notes graphic](./assets/bn-define.png)

</div>

<div align='right'>

[discover](#discover) | [define](#define) | [market](#market) | [deliver](#deliver) | [evaluate](#evaluate)

</div>

<div align='right'>

  <a href='https://github.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-gh.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='mailto:ephraim@modevx.com' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-at.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://twitter.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-tw.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://instagram.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-ig.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://linkedin.com/in/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-li.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>

</div>

<!-- #endregion /DEFINE -->

# DEFINE

<!-- #region MARKET -->

<div id='market' align='center'>

![build notes graphic](./assets/bn-market.png)

</div>

<div align='right'>

[discover](#discover) | [define](#define) | [market](#market) | [deliver](#deliver) | [evaluate](#evaluate)

</div>

<div align='right'>

  <a href='https://github.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-gh.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='mailto:ephraim@modevx.com' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-at.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://twitter.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-tw.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://instagram.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-ig.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://linkedin.com/in/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-li.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>

</div>

<!-- #endregion /MARKET -->

# MARKET

<!-- #region DELIVER -->

<div id='deliver' align='center'>

![build notes graphic](./assets/bn-deliver.png)

</div>

<div align='right'>

[discover](#discover) | [define](#define) | [market](#market) | [deliver](#deliver) | [evaluate](#evaluate)

</div>

<div align='right'>

  <a href='https://github.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-gh.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='mailto:ephraim@modevx.com' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-at.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://twitter.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-tw.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://instagram.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-ig.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://linkedin.com/in/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-li.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>

</div>

<!-- #endregion /DELIVER -->

# DELIVER

## **UI**

<details>
<summary><strong><em>ISSUE:</em></strong> dynamic Tailwind styles not getting applied</summary>

## **[ ISSUE ]**

dynamic AlertItem bg gradients not getting applied

## **[ DEBUG STEPS ]**

## **[ CAUSE ]**

Tailwinds auto-removes partial class names

- _this is part of the prod build process tho. so, not sure why this happens in dev. is Next.js running a build step when saved??_

## **[ SOLUTION ]**

don't concatenate class names in Tailwinds

</details>

- [Tailwind Ui Components](https://tailwindui.com/#product-application-ui)
- [headless UI](https://headlessui.dev/) | unstyled UI components for TailwindCSS
  - **_[Design Tips Twitter thread](https://twitter.com/i/events/994601867987619840)_**
- [RefactoringUI](https://www.refactoringui.com/) | Tailwind boys' design tips
- [primereact](https://www.primefaces.org/primereact/setup/)
  - [internationalization/localization](https://www.primefaces.org/primereact/locale) (i18n localization)
  - [theming](https://www.primefaces.org/primereact/theming/)
  - [blocks](https://www.primefaces.org/primeblocks-react/#/documentation)
  - [`primeflex`](https://www.primefaces.org/primeflex/) | utility css classes
  - [`primeicons`]()
  - [_Sakai_](https://www.primefaces.org/sakai-react/#/) | free dashboard template
  - []()
- [`purgecss`](https://purgecss.com/) | \*86 unused CSS classes
  - []()
  - []()

## **DATA FETCHING**

- [`axios`](https://github.com/axios/axios#table-of-contents) | "Promise based HTTP client for the browser and node.js"
- []()
- []()
- []()
- []()

## **STATE MANAGEMENT**

- []()
- []()
- []()
- []()

<!-- #region DATA -->

<h2 id="data">
  <img src="./assets/section-banner__data.png" alt="tornado action github repo data section"/>
</h2>

### _**Severe Weather Data Inventory**_

NCEI web service that provides dynamic NEXRAD access to destructive/severe storm events like tornadoes, hail, storm structures, and lightning strikes

- API [docs](https://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/swdiws/)
- NCEI API services [suite](https://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/data-access)
- NCEI [Severe Weather](https://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/data-access/severe-weather) Data Access

### **_National Weather Service API_**

National Weather Service API Web Service

- API Web Service [docs](https://www.weather.gov/documentation/services-web-api#/default/get_alerts)
- Alerts Web Service [docs](https://www.weather.gov/documentation/services-web-alerts)

### **_Google Maps heatmap layer_**

<!-- #endregion /DATA -->

<!-- #region LESSONS LEARNED -->

<h2 id="lessons-learned">
  <img src="./assets/section-banner__lessons-learned.png" alt="tornado action github repo lessons-learned section"/>
</h2>

<details>
<summary><strong>SWDI data retrieval</strong></summary>

> _the SWDI API limits request date ranges to 31 days to I had to set up concurrent calls to fetch YTD tornado signatures_

- MDN | [Promises](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise)
- making concurrent requests with [axios](https://github.com/axios/axios#axios-api)
  - _content referenced is right above 'axios API' title_

</details>

<!-- #endregion /LESSONS LEARNED -->

<!-- #region EVALUATE -->

<div id='evaluate' align='center'>

![build notes graphic](./assets/bn-evaluate.png)

</div>

<div align='right'>

[discover](#discover) | [define](#define) | [market](#market) | [deliver](#deliver) | [evaluate](#evaluate)

</div>

<div align='right'>

  <a href='https://github.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-gh.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='mailto:ephraim@modevx.com' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-at.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://twitter.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-tw.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://instagram.com/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-ig.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  <a href='https://linkedin.com/in/ephraimsmithdev' alt='social link icon'>
    <img src='./assets/icon-li.svg' height='20'/>
  </a>

</div>

<!-- #endregion /EVALUATE -->

# EVALUATE
